WOR-1251: provision workers.dev subdomain when a script has a workflo… (#13929)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/workflows-workers-dev-subdomain.md

---
"wrangler": patch
---

> Prompt for a workers.dev subdomain before deploying Workflows

Reviewer: Perhaps...?

```suggestion
Prompt to provision a workers.dev subdomain before deploying Workflows
```
